ride make something of yourself
he's busy you lied to us everything
humans know of our planet we were told
and all been shared so why was this
haunted human possession we were in the
dark on this also
it was director only clearance effective
seven until this is a secret few men
know if he were still remain alive allow
me to please introduce to you two of
NASA's founding mission directors and
astronaut dr. Buzz Aldrin one of the
first to
okay
octopus climber from fellow stagger
Pizza true are the honor is mine on
entire space race of the 1960's it
appears wasn't responded our astronauts
investigated crashed alien ship and
survivors on board we were sworn to
secrecy by our commander in chief a
total of 35 people Lou the real plan at
NASA Soviets managed to land unmanned
probes somehow must have picked up that
fuel lock we believe the Russians
deduced that the log was a fissionable
fuel assembly believed they had it
mastered and tried to harness it's at
Chernobyl but then six missions and all
its a hundreds of photos and samples we
lock them away forever
the moon program was shut air when did
you search the crash vote
the ship's name was the arc I watched it
escape Cybertron myself it was tearing
and all about technology which would
have won us the war and its captain the
great Sentinel Prime the technologies
inventor he was commander of the
Autobots before me it's imperative that
I find it before the Decepticons learn
of its location our Autobot spacecraft
has the ability to get there and you
must pray it's in time